Three thousand floating worlds
My love has three
Sun, Moon and Qing Dynasty
The sun is morning and the moon is dusk
Qing is the morning and twilight
Three thousand floating worlds
This child wants to tell everyone
amorous
It is always no match for Princess Linglong alone
Although I don't understand poetry, calligraphy and painting
But the prince also wrote this word
But peel a deep jade
in artistic conception
Princess
I have never heard such amazing poetry
The princess is compared to the sun and the moon
There is an artistic conception of deep love and whiteheads
When did our persimmons have such peerless literary talent?
Persimmon literary talent is unparalleled in the world
Will win the princess' heart
Do you want to hug the beauty back?
everyone
This is the end of the selection for the Linglong Princess Recruitment Conference
The performance of the talents is also obvious to all
Within three days
The princess will make a decision with my lord